Could you clarify what you mean by **"Meeting Template Discussiond decision"**? It sounds like you're looking for a **meeting template** that includes a section for **discussions and decisions**, but I want to be sure I understand your intent.

If that's correct, here's a simple and effective **Meeting Notes Template** with a focus on discussions and decisions:

---

### üìù **Meeting Notes Template**

**Meeting Title:**  
**Date & Time:**  
**Location / Platform:**  
**Facilitator:**  
**Note Taker:**  
**Attendees:**

---

### üìå **Agenda**

1. [Topic 1]
2. [Topic 2]
3. [Topic 3]

---

### üí¨ **Discussion Summary**

| Topic | Key Points Discussed | Action Items | Owner | Deadline |
|-------|----------------------|--------------|-------|----------|
| Topic 1 | Summary of discussion | Task or follow-up | Person responsible | Due date |
| Topic 2 | Summary of discussion | Task or follow-up | Person responsible | Due date |

---

### ‚úÖ **Decisions Made**

- Decision 1: [Brief description]
- Decision 2: [Brief description]

---

### üìÖ **Next Steps / Follow-ups**

- [Action Item] ‚Äì Assigned to [Name] ‚Äì Due by [Date]

---

Would you like this in a downloadable format (like Word or Excel), or customized for a specific type of meeting (e.g., project planning, team sync, board meeting)?
=========================

Thanks for sharing the meeting summary. Based on the content you provided, here's a **formatted Meeting Minutes (MoM) template** tailored for **Requirement Queries and Design Discussion**, incorporating your actual discussion points:

---

### üõ†Ô∏è **Meeting Minutes ‚Äì Provider Networking Rule Implementation Discussion**

**Date:** April 23, 2025  
**Time:** 10:00 PM ‚Äì 10:30 PM IST  
**Platform:** Webex  
**Facilitator:** Sirajudeen R.  
**Attendees:** Dolly Srivastava, Naveen Kumar Nanavala, Sunny Patil, Sean White, Ajaysingh Rawat, Sagar Shinde, Tyler Reilly

---

### üìå **Agenda**

- Discuss implementation approach for Provider Networking Rules in Cigna Commercial (Sleep, DME, HH)

---

### ‚ùì **Requirement Queries**

| Topic | Query / Task | Owner | Status |
|-------|--------------|-------|--------|
| Ruleset Fabric Integration | Check with Mohit Kadam on recent direct integration in Volusia | App Dev Team | Pending |
| Silent Pathway | Understand approach to get Provider ruleset output via silent Pathway | App Dev Team | Pending |
| Site & Physician SP | Assess level of changes required | App Dev Team | In Progress |
| Workflow Diagram | Collaborate with PO to create Site workflow for Cigna Commercial | App Dev Team | Planned |

---

### ‚úÖ **Decisions & Next Steps**

- App Dev team to follow up with Mohit Kadam regarding Volusia integration and LOE.
- Evaluate changes needed in site and physician stored procedures.
- Coordinate with PO to draft the desired workflow diagram for Cigna Commercial.

---

### üìÖ **Action Items**

| Action Item | Owner | Due Date |
|-------------|-------|----------|
| Connect with Mohit Kadam on ruleset integration | App Dev Team | [TBD] |
| Analyze site and SP changes | App Dev Team | [TBD] |
| Draft workflow diagram with PO | App Dev Team | [TBD] |

---

Would you like this exported as a **Word or Excel document** for sharing with your team? I can generate that for you right away.

===================================
Thanks for the detailed context! Here's a **professionally formatted Meeting Minutes (MoM)** based on your shared email thread regarding the **CaseBasket Modification for MultiTreatment ‚Äì UI and Backend** discussion:

---

### üõ†Ô∏è **Meeting Minutes ‚Äì CaseBasket Modification for MultiTreatment**

**Date:** April 2, 2025  
**Time:** 7:30 PM ‚Äì 8:00 PM IST  
**Platform:** Webex  
**Facilitator:** Sirajudeen R.  
**Attendees:** Ravichandra Patel, Rajivkumar Pillai, Supriya Kochar, Harshit Raikwal, Sagar Shinde, Amit Vyas, Sushant Nair, Bibbin Joseph, Ajaysingh Rawat, Elamparithi E., Aditya Mahakal, Namrata Chavan, Poonam Dhonde, Sunny Patil, Sean White  
**Cc:** Pawan Suryawanshi

---

### üìå **Agenda**

- Discuss solution approach for CaseBasket Modification to support MultiTreatment in UI and Backend  
- Review updated Home Health Design Document

---

### üí¨ **Discussion Summary**

#### **CDP UI ‚Äì Procedure Section Enhancements**

| Feature | Discussion Points |
|---------|-------------------|
| **Delete/Edit Procedure Codes** | Allowed for MD and Nurse roles. Training may be required to mitigate risks of associating unrelated procedure codes during inline edits. |
| **Treatment Section** | Will not be displayed. |
| **Add New Procedure Button** | Disabled for Home Health. Pathways can handle this if needed. |
| **Approve All Procedures Button** | Disabled for Home Health. |
| **Procedure Section Display (HH only)** | Will show: <br>‚Ä¢ Unit of Measure from `cbCaseBasketTreatmentProcedure` <br>‚Ä¢ Description/TypeOfServiceCode from `cbCaseBasketTreatment` |
| **BCBSMN Specific Logic** | Procedure column will not be shown in CW or IO. It will be displayed only in CDP. <br>‚Ä¢ MN has revenue codes added to the basket. <br>‚Ä¢ For other plans, procedure code column will be shown. |

---

### ‚úÖ **Decisions Made**

- UI behavior will be customized for Home Health and BCBSMN as per the updated design document.
- Risk mitigation training to be considered for MD/Nurse roles editing procedures.
- Backend logic will align with UI constraints and plan-specific requirements.

---

### üìÖ **Next Steps**

| Action Item | Owner | Due Date |
|-------------|-------|----------|
| Update Confluence with latest design document | Pawan Suryawanshi | [TBD] |
| Implement UI changes as per design | Frontend Team | [TBD] |
| Align backend logic with UI constraints | Backend Team | [TBD] |

---

Would you like this exported as a **Word or PDF document** for sharing? I can generate that for you right away.
====================================

Here‚Äôs a **sample meeting notes template** specifically tailored for **Requirement Queries and Design Discussion** sessions. This format helps capture technical discussions, clarify requirements, and document design decisions effectively.

---

### üõ†Ô∏è **Requirement & Design Discussion Meeting Notes**

**Meeting Title:** API Integration Requirements & Design  
**Date & Time:** July 4, 2025 ‚Äì 2:00 PM  
**Location:** Microsoft Teams  
**Facilitator:** Priya Mehta  
**Note Taker:** John Carter  
**Attendees:** Priya M., John C., Emily R., David L.

---

### üìå **Agenda**

1. Clarify API data requirements  
2. Discuss authentication and error handling  
3. Finalize design approach for integration

---

### ‚ùì **Requirement Queries**

| Requirement | Question Raised | Clarification / Answer | Owner | Status |
|-------------|------------------|-------------------------|--------|--------|
| User Data API | What fields are mandatory? | `user_id`, `email`, `created_at` are required | Emily R. | Confirmed |
| Rate Limits | What is the max request rate? | 1000 req/min per client | David L. | Confirmed |
| Auth Method | Is OAuth 2.0 required? | Yes, with client credentials flow | Priya M. | Confirmed |

---

### üß© **Design Discussion Summary**

| Topic | Key Points | Decision | Owner | Notes |
|-------|------------|----------|-------|-------|
| Authentication | Compared API key vs OAuth 2.0 | Use OAuth 2.0 for security | Team | Aligns with company policy |
| Error Handling | Retry logic for 5xx errors | Implement exponential backoff | John C. | Use standard retry library |
| Data Sync | Real-time vs batch | Use batch sync every 15 mins | Emily R. | Real-time not needed for MVP |

---

### ‚úÖ **Decisions Made**

- OAuth 2.0 with client credentials will be used for authentication.  
- Batch data sync every 15 minutes is sufficient for Phase 1.  
- Retry logic with exponential backoff will be implemented for 5xx errors.

---

### üìÖ **Next Steps**

- John to draft API integration flow diagram ‚Äì Due July 7  
- Emily to finalize required fields and share schema ‚Äì Due July 6  
- Priya to update design doc with decisions ‚Äì Due July 8

---

Would you like this in a downloadable format (Word, Excel, or PDF)? Or should I help you turn this into a reusable template for your team?
